Add more description about running OpenSearch on MAC M1 to developer guide (#1302)
opensearch-project/k-NN: DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md

4. You should see a opensearch-min-<version>-SNAPSHOT-darwin-x64.tar.gz file present in distribution/archives/darwin-tar/build/distributions/
5. Build k-NN by passing the OpenSearch distribution path in `./gradlew <integTest/run> -PcustomDistributionUrl="<Full path to .tar.gz file you noted above>"`

> If you want to start OpenSearch directly on Mac M1, make sure JDK for ARM is used, if not you will see 'mach-o file, but is an incompatible architecture (have 'arm64', need 'x86_64')'. And it's better to start OpenSearch by running `bash opensearch-tar-install.sh`, if you want to run `./bin/opensearch`, the environment variable `JAVA_LIBRARY_PATH` should be set correctly so that OpenSearch can find the JNI library:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to start OpenSearch directly on Mac M1, make sure to use JDK for ARM.  Otherwise, you will see the following error:  `mach-o file, but is an incompatible architecture (have 'arm64', need 'x86_64')`.  It is better to start OpenSearch by running `bash opensearch-tar-install.sh` instead of `./bin/opensearch`.  To run  `./bin/opensearch`, the environment variable `JAVA_LIBRARY_PATH` needs to be set correctly so that OpenSearch can find the JNI library:
```

Author: Thanks for your suggestion, I've changed that.
